Troubleshoot minilab deployment issues regarding DNS Rebind Protection and the FritzBox (#30)
metal-stack/docs: docs/src/installation/troubleshoot.md

deploy-control-plane |   msg: 'Status code was -1 and not [200]: Request failed: <urlopen error [Errno -5] No address associated with hostname>'
deploy-control-plane |   redirected: false
deploy-control-plane |   status: -1                                                                                                                                       
deploy-control-plane |   url: http://api.0.0.0.0.xip.io:8080/metal/v1/health
deploy-control-plane |                                                                                                            
deploy-control-plane | PLAY RECAP *********************************************************************                                                                          
deploy-control-plane | localhost                  : ok=29   changed=4    unreachable=0    failed=1    skipped=7    rescued=0    ignored=0                      
deploy-control-plane |                                                                                                                                                                                             
deploy-control-plane exited with code 2
```

> Some home routers has a security feature that prevents DNS Servers to resolve anything in the routers local IP Range (DNS-Rebind-Protection).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some home routers have a security feature that prevents DNS Servers to resolve anything in the router's local IP range (DNS-Rebind-Protection).
```

> You need to add an exception for `xip.io` in your router configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You need to add an exception for `xip.io` in your router configuration.
```
